hello its third digital DJ tips comm
today I have this to show you in some
magma controlled sand is a box it comes
in this is a control stand that is a
little bit different many of the stands
that are out there for DJs in that it is
built from kind of the ground up to
include two platforms rather than just
one now some stands already have two
platforms they'll have a little platform
underneath that was really intended for
something like a sound card and
certainly not intended for two
performance controllers to go on or a
controller on a laptop as this way now
the advantage of that of course is if
this isn't a DJ box you can have your
controller above the existing gear and
then your laptop above that so all of
your gear is kept out of the way and as
long as you can swap this unit in at the
back then it's going to work nicely for
you
the disadvantage of course is that it's
more complicated to set up it's heavier
and so on and indeed being the cap
handed kind of guy I am except we're
good 45 minutes to get this set up I
wanted it I'll talk you through the
sound a little bit so it is the
platforms on the top covered in rubber
this kind of rubberized phone stick on
stuff which means that you get a soft
landing if you like for you control up
the bars that hold the back together
here these screw on and they have little
sections that can be removed is one two
three four five on each side was three
on each side at the moment however I've
taken I've taken two off to make it a
little bit narrower because the
controller I want to use it with isn't
the widest it can take because of that
you can you can adjust this I mean this
there's still quite a few of these
things left so you can adjust this in
and out quite a lot to suit your own
needs which is a really nice touch but
you shouldn't customize it and that's
doubly important because on the front
these tabs here on the front of the
typical controller there's going to be
buttons and knobs and so on and you can
adjust it so it's perfectly on the edge
and it's not clashing or you're not
for instance on a tractor control
therefore there's buttons are not here
so you're going to want to make sure you
avoid those so when you've got all this
set up you've got the look you want and
you've got over these screwed together
you're then in a position to put your
gear onto it so I've got that chat to
control this for so let's get that on to
it actually for this controller you'll
see open up just about right because
I've got the right-hand one just between
the doctor and the left-hand one here so
that's kind of like a thought back on
through and then we can put our laptop
on top there so you can see this is now
really well suited to having a whole
full digital DJ normal DJ setup here so
in a DJ booth or actually for us here
digital DJ tips where we use all kinds
of danger quipment this is really useful
this is going to become the stand that
we use now for all our demos basically
because I cannot controller a laptop and
a full DVS system all setup all the time
the disadvantages as I mentioned it's
heavy takes a little bit of setting up
there's a little bit of side but it's
wobbling now the reason for that is that
the feet at the back the weights kind of
forward now I'm not helping that fine
I've got this set up see these two holes
a little bit lower down you can have
this set up
everything is lower but I want it to
have a really decent amount clearance
between the front and the controller and
the controls on the other equipment the
easy way around that is to drill a hole
at the back and screw flat it'd make a
great installation stand because it is a
little bit bulkier the spy was actually
using the gear this one it's concern
it's really safe and I know I said it
wobbled a bit but you know this Vic is
very salable it's not don't giving it so
you certainly feel very very confident
using it there's no problem with the
performance side of it it's just that if
you were using it in the same place
forever it would certainly be worth
fixing it down because there's going to
be a lot of heavy stuff up here the
actual appearance of it as you can see
it's in painted gloves a metal with a
nice magma logo on it it looks really
professional underneath here there's
more foam so it's it's it's nice and
isn't a scratch surface overall I've
never seen a sound quite like this one
and if you're looking with something
like this it is very good I could
recommend it so there you go it's a
magnet control sound and all the details
about where to get this in the price of
it are on the full review on the digital
DJ tips website thank you for watching